dpigs: add page (#14359)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/dpigs.md

# dpigs

> > Show which installed packages occupy the most space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Show which installed packages occupy the most space on `apt` based systems.
```

> > Sorts the installed packages by size and outputs the largest ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Sort the installed packages by size and output the largest ones.
```

We usually use imperative in descriptions :)

> > Sorts the installed packages by size and outputs the largest ones.
> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/dpigs>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/man/dpigs>.
```
Redundant

> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/dpigs>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/dpigs>.
```

> > Show which installed packages occupy the most space on `apt` based systems.
> > Sort the installed packages by size and output the largest ones.
> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/dpigs>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Show which installed packages occupy the most space on `apt` based systems.
> More information: <https://manned.org/dpigs>.
```

> - Display the N largest packages on the system:
> 
> `-n, --lines=N`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display the N largest packages on the system:

`dpigs --lines={{N}}`
```

> - Use FILE instead of the default dpkg status file:
> 
> `-s, --status=FILE`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the specified file instead of the default dpkg [s]tatus file:

`dpigs --status={{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Display the largest source packages of binary packages installed on the system:
> 
> `-S, --source`
> 
> - Display package sizes in human-readable format:
> 
> `-H, --human-readable`
> 
> - Display some usage information and exit:
> 
> `-h, --help`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display the largest [S]ource packages of binary packages installed on the system:

`dpigs --source`

- Display package sizes in [H]uman-readable format:

`dpigs --human-readable`

- Display help:

`dpigs --help`
```

> `-h, --help`

Reviewer: This is not how our syntax works. Please take a look at other pages and see how you should format the commands.
